_pages/about.md, before:

---
title: About
layout: single
permalink: /about/
sidebar:
  nav: "about"
---

## Purpose of the Project

The BabyCAT project aims to provide a comprehensive and accessible coronagraph demonstration testbed. It is designed to
help students, researchers, and enthusiasts learn about coronagraphy, build their own setups, and experiment with
different configurations.

## Background

The BabyCAT project was designed in 2019 by a team of scientists at the
[Russell B. Makidon Optics Laboratory](https://www.stsci.edu/stsci-research/research-topics-and-programs/russell-b-makidon-optics-laboratory)
at the [Space Telescope Science Institite](https://www.stsci.edu/).
Its goal is to make advanced optical techniques more accessible to a wider audience.

The first ever BabyCAT coronagraph demonstration bench was built in 2019 and has since been used in various educational
and research settings. Most of the documentation and educational materials were created by SASP
([Space Astronomy Summer Program](https://www.stsci.edu/opportunities/space-astronomy-summer-program)) intern Lucas Batista,
who worked with the RMOL team and STScI's Office of Public Outreach (OPO) during the summer of 2019.

Why "BabyCAT"? The workhorse project of the RMOL team is the HiCAT testbed - the "High-contrast imager for Complex
Aperture Telescopes" testbed. Since the demo coronagraph was supposed to illustrate a mini version of HiCAT, the name
"BabyCAT" seemed immediately evident.

## Educational Goals

The BabyCAT project is intended to serve as an educational tool, providing hands-on experience with coronagraphy. It is
inspired by the need for easy-to-build optical setups that can be used in classrooms, labs, and transported
easily to conferences and outreach events.

Learners will be able to see how a classic Lyot Coronagraph works, and understand how we can use that to find exoplanets
and other astronomical objects.  

## Where This Setup Is Used

The following institutions and groups own their own version of BabyCAT:

- **Institution Name**: RMOL at STScI
  - **Location**: Baltimore (MD), USA
  - **Demo name**: BabyCAT

- **Institution Name**: ExEP at JPL, NASA
  - **Location**: Pasadena (CA), USA
  - **Demo name**: BabyCAT 2.0

- **Institution Name**: UC Santa Cruz
  - **Location**: Santa Cruz (CA), USA
  - **Demo name**: sealPUP

## Resources

- SASP student presentation by Lucas Batista: [Recording](https://cloudproject.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=9bb1e9b5-8229-426e-a6fc-aaa400fe927a) - starting at 31:18
- Batista et al. (2020): [BAAS, Vol. 52, No. 1](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2020AAS...23520313B/abstract)

## Team

- **Website**: [Iva Laginja](https://ivalaginja.github.io/)
- **Optical design**: Rémi Soummer and Greg Brady
- **Diagrams and education materials**: Lucas Batista
- **Parts list**: Greg Brady, Evelyn McChesney, Jules Fowler, Iva Laginja, Maggie Kautz, Pete Petrone
- **Documentation**: Greg Brady, Rémi Soummer, Iva Laginja, Jules Fowler, Scott Will, Maggie Kautz, Lucas Batista

Commit message:

Add notice boxes and extra info

_pages/about.md, after:

---
title: About
layout: single
classes: wide
permalink: /about/
sidebar:
  nav: "about"
---

## Purpose of the Project

The BabyCAT project aims to provide a comprehensive and accessible coronagraph demonstration testbed. It is designed to
help students, researchers, and enthusiasts learn about coronagraphy, build their own setups, and experiment with
different configurations.

## Background

The BabyCAT project was designed in 2019 by a team of scientists at the
[Russell B. Makidon Optics Laboratory](https://www.stsci.edu/stsci-research/research-topics-and-programs/russell-b-makidon-optics-laboratory)
at the [Space Telescope Science Institite](https://www.stsci.edu/).
Its goal is to make advanced optical techniques more accessible to a wider audience.

The first ever BabyCAT coronagraph demonstration bench was built in 2019 and has since been used in various educational
and research settings. Most of the documentation and educational materials were created by SASP
([Space Astronomy Summer Program](https://www.stsci.edu/opportunities/space-astronomy-summer-program)) intern Lucas Batista,
who worked with the RMOL team and STScI's Office of Public Outreach (OPO) during the summer of 2019.

{: .notice--info}
**The name:** Why "BabyCAT"? The workhorse project of the RMOL team is the HiCAT testbed - the "High-contrast imager for Complex
Aperture Telescopes" testbed. Since the demo coronagraph was supposed to illustrate a mini version of HiCAT, the name
"BabyCAT" seemed immediately evident.

## Educational Goals

The BabyCAT project is intended to serve as an educational tool, providing hands-on experience with coronagraphy. It is
inspired by the need for easy-to-build optical setups that can be used in classrooms, labs, and transported
easily to conferences and outreach events.

Learners will be able to see how a classic Lyot Coronagraph works, and understand how we can use that to find exoplanets
and other astronomical objects.  

## Where This Setup Is Used

The following institutions and groups own their own version of BabyCAT:

- **Institution Name**: RMOL at STScI
  - **Location**: Baltimore (MD), USA
  - **Demo name**: BabyCAT

- **Institution Name**: ExEP at JPL, NASA
  - **Location**: Pasadena (CA), USA
  - **Demo name**: BabyCAT 2.0

- **Institution Name**: UC Santa Cruz
  - **Location**: Santa Cruz (CA), USA
  - **Demo name**: sealPUP

## Resources

- SASP student presentation by Lucas Batista: [Recording](https://cloudproject.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=9bb1e9b5-8229-426e-a6fc-aaa400fe927a) - starting at 31:18
- Batista et al. (2020): [BAAS, Vol. 52, No. 1](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2020AAS...23520313B/abstract)
- RMOL publication list: [ADS library](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/public-libraries/0jrikEsaQ6W3ubvGa3ZivA)
- RMOL website: [RMOL](https://www.stsci.edu/stsci-research/research-topics-and-programs/russell-b-makidon-optics-laboratory)
- STScI website: [STScI](https://www.stsci.edu/)
- Habitable Worlds Observatory: [HWO](https://habitableworldsobservatory.org/home)

## Team

- **Website**: [Iva Laginja](https://ivalaginja.github.io/)
- **Optical design**: Rémi Soummer and Greg Brady
- **Diagrams and education materials**: Lucas Batista
- **Parts list**: Greg Brady, Evelyn McChesney, Jules Fowler, Iva Laginja, Maggie Kautz, Pete Petrone
- **Documentation**: Greg Brady, Rémi Soummer, Iva Laginja, Jules Fowler, Scott Will, Maggie Kautz, Lucas Batista
