index.md, before:

---
title: Home
layout: splash
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/original_babyCAT2.jpeg
  actions:
    - label: "Get parts list"
      url: "https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/"
  caption: "Photo credit: [**STScI/RMOL**](https://www.stsci.edu/stsci-research/research-topics-and-programs/russell-b-makidon-optics-laboratory)"
excerpt: "A portable coronagraph bench."
intro: 
  - excerpt: 'Nullam suscipit et nam, tellus velit pellentesque at malesuada, enim eaque. Quis nulla, netus tempor in diam gravida tincidunt, *proin faucibus* voluptate felis id sollicitudin. Centered with `type="center"`'
feature_row:
  - image_path: assets/images/logo.jpeg
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
    title: "Placeholder 1"
    excerpt: "This is some sample content that goes here with **Markdown** formatting."
  - image_path: /assets/images/logo.jpg
    image_caption: "Image courtesy of [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)"
    alt: "placeholder image 2"
    title: "Placeholder 2"
    excerpt: "This is some sample content that goes here with **Markdown** formatting."
    url: "#test-link"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/logo.jpg
    title: "Placeholder 3"
    excerpt: "This is some sample content that goes here with **Markdown** formatting."
feature_row2:
  - image_path: /assets/images/logo.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 2"
    title: "Placeholder Image Left Aligned"
    excerpt: 'This is some sample content that goes here with **Markdown** formatting. Left aligned with `type="left"`'
    url: "#test-link"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row %}

{% include feature_row id="feature_row2" type="left" %}

Commit message:

Fix up home page for links and main content

index.md, after:

---
title: BabyCAT
layout: splash
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/original_babyCAT2.jpeg
  actions:
    - label: "Get parts list"
      url: /parts-list/
  caption: "Photo credit: [**STScI/RMOL**](https://www.stsci.edu/stsci-research/research-topics-and-programs/russell-b-makidon-optics-laboratory)"
excerpt: "A portable coronagraph bench."
intro: 
  - excerpt: 'Nullam suscipit et nam, tellus velit pellentesque at malesuada, enim eaque. Quis nulla, netus tempor in diam gravida tincidunt, *proin faucibus* voluptate felis id sollicitudin. Centered with `type="center"`'
feature_row:
  - title: "About the project"
    excerpt: "Read more about the BabyCAT project and the team behind it."
    url: /about/
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - title: "References"
    excerpt: "Find references and additional sources about BabyCAT and coronagraphy."
    url: /about/#resources
    btn_label: "See references"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - title: "Credit"
    excerpt: "Learn how to give us credit if you decide to use our materials to build your own BabyCAT."
    url: "#test-link"
    btn_label: "Give credit"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row %}

{% include feature_row id="feature_row2" type="left" %}
